Do you ever feel like you need to be,
look, or act a specific way to fit in,
to be accepted, or to simply not
disappoint others?
I get it because I've been that girl.
[music]
I never wanted to disappoint anyone and
tried to be like other people expected
me to be until at some point I realized
I'm living in a prison I built myself,
and if I keep living in that prison, I
can never be successful or happy. And
that's why in today's video I'm going to
explain to you how you can
stop being afraid to disappoint others
and start being true to yourself. Hi
guys, welcome back to my channel. If
you're new here, my name is Michaela,
and today I want to get right into this
video. First of all, you need to
understand every time you're thinking
about not disappointing others, you're
literally disappointing yourself. You
always have the choice between
disappointing others or disappointing
yourself. There will be rare occasions
where you will please yourself and
others as well, but that should never be
your focus. If your focus lies on
pleasing others, you're always going to
dilute your personality. Every time you
say yes to something you want to say no
to, you're teaching yourself that you do
not love yourself, that you cannot trust
your own choices, and that other people
are more valuable than yourself, that
you value others more than you value
yourself. And at some point you will be
wondering, "Yeah, but who am I
actually?" And let's be honest, it's
easy to be like somebody else. It's easy
to be like a nobody. It takes a lot of
bravery and courage to be authentic to
yourself, to actually embrace that side
of you that you think is not being
accepted by others. But the thing is,
you will be accepted just because the
people you're surrounding yourself with
or your family wants you to be a certain
type of way, to look a certain type of
way, does not mean that there is nobody
in this world that would not like you
the exact way how you would like to be.
And that's the important point here. You
will only find people that you truly
align with, that truly like you the way
you are, when you learn to show up fully
as who you are. I get it. You want to
fit in. You want to be like everybody
else. You want to not stand out. But the
people who stand out are actually the
ones who are successful, are actually
the most happy people because they learn
to truly be authentic to themselves.
They learn to express their needs, their
wants, their cringey side. They express
all their facets of who they are, and
that's why they attract people and
circumstances in their life that is
aligned with who they are. That's why
they live a happy life. And that's also
why they are successful. Have you ever
thought about why celebrities are
celebrities? It's because they express
themselves. They are expressing their
ideas through acting, through music,
through YouTube channels, through
other creative ideas. When you start
expressing who you are, you're literally
telling the universe, "Here I am. That's
who I am. I am also ready to receive. I
am now aligned with who I am, and I am
ready to receive what's aligned with who
I am." Apart from that, if you keep
pleasing others, if you keep being
afraid of disappointing others, which
side are you going to choose? You will
never please everyone. You will always
have someone that you're going to
disappoint. And this someone should not
be you. It can be anyone else, but it
can never be you. And honestly, I
thought long time that I can only be
true to myself when I am being by
myself. Every time I was being
surrounded by people, I absorbed their
opinions and I was thinking something is
wrong with me. I need to adjust. I need
to change, to adapt, to fit in, to be
more liked, to be more likable and
accepted by those people. I need to
change my opinion so I can agree with
their opinion. But let me tell you, I
diluted my personality so much that
few years ago, I didn't even know who I
am. I was looking for my purpose. I was
wondering and asking myself, but what do
I like? What are my hobbies? What do I
truly like apart from everyone else? And
if you're at that point, you can only
know in solitude.
That's when I really learned to be by
myself and enjoy time by myself with
myself. I truly only learned to get to
know myself, who I am and what I like in
solitude. When I am by myself, when I am
going for a walk, listening to music,
and I am by myself at home, I am not
rushing anywhere. I am sitting with my
own thoughts. That's when I got to know
who I am and what I like. And you need
to be comfortable with being with
yourself. That's the only way how you
get to know yourself, how you won't be
afraid of other people leaving. And the
first step to stop being afraid to
disappoint others or not being liked by
others is to be okay with people
leaving. People can leave when you're
comfortable with being by yourself. When
you know you enjoy your own company, you
enjoy solitude, you are not afraid of
people leaving. They can go. And then
whoever is in your life that does not
bring value, is it a man, is it a
friend, is it even a family member who
brings you down, who drains you, you're
not afraid to express your opinions, to
express the way who and how you are.
Because if they are disappointed, you're
okay with that. Usually we fear
disappointing other people because we do
not want them to leave. But once we're
fine with people leaving, once we have
been through a period of time where we
are completely by ourselves, even though
it's uncomfortable, this is going to
change everything. If you learn to enjoy
solitude, you will also learn to honor
your own word and won't ever betray your
own word just for the comfort of others.
Another reason why we're afraid of
showing up as who we are and not wanting
to disappoint others is because we do
not want them to think bad about us. We
do not want them to judge us, even
people we don't know. But what if you
reframe that mindset?
Actually, when you show up as your true
self, even your cringey sides, even the
sides you think nobody would ever
accept, you actually give others also
permission to show up as themselves and
you're inspiring others to be themselves
as well. Not to be like you, but to be
like themselves. And some of them, of
course, will be triggered because they
are too afraid. They do not have this
bravery that you have to show up as
themselves. They will talk about you.
Okay, but minimum, you give them
something to talk about because their
life is literally so boring, they need
to talk about someone. And
what a pleasure for me to give you a
topic to talk about. It's a win-win
situation. In any case, you're showing
up as yourself, you're bringing value to
this world. You're showing people how to
show up as themselves, you're giving a
topic for others to talk about, and you
are honoring yourself, your word, you're
feeding your self-confidence.
It's a win-win-win.
I was always afraid of showing up and
expressing my true opinions, especially
on the internet. I was always afraid of
expressing who I am, what I like, how I
look, how I talk. How many times have
you not done something? Have you stopped
doing something because you were afraid
of judgement? Because you were afraid of
how people will think, how people will
be disappointed.
We stopped expressing ourselves, we
stopped doing something that felt good
for us because of that fear in our head.
But actually, you lost so much more. You
didn't only lose that creative moment,
you didn't only lose that nice sunset
view that you were enjoying, smiling.
The moment you wanted to freely dance to
the music in your ears. You didn't only
lose a moment of self-expression, you
lost a moment of contributing yourself,
contributing to your life, living your
life and becoming successful. You can
only be successful if you start showing
up as who you are. Why? Because you can
only attract people when you're true to
yourself. You can only find people who
like you and who like what you do, who
like what you sell, if you express from
a frequency that is true to yourself.
The next step is to think about what
happens if you're going to be judged.
What happens if someone is actually
being disappointed by what you did? What
happens if someone actually leaves you a
bad comment? What will happen if they
laugh at you?
Exactly. They will laugh at you, but
your life goes on. Your life continues.
You are going to survive that moment.
Not only survive, you are going to come
out of that moment stronger, more
confident, and superior because at some
point you will understand what other
people think of you is just their
mirror. If they think bad, if they think
good, if they are judging you, if
they're hating you, it's simply their
mirror. If someone is judging you for
being cringey, for trying too hard,
maybe it's because they're afraid of
trying too hard. They are afraid of
showing up as their true selves. You
think I'm not cringey? You think Beyoncé
has no cringey moments? You think
Cristiano Ronaldo is not cringey? We're
all cringey in our own ways, and I think
that's beautiful. If you're not cringey,
you're boring. If you have nothing
specific special about you, mediocre you
are somewhere in between, a little bit
of her and a little bit of you. You're
mediocre, and mediocre people are not
successful. You have to be okay with
disappointing other people if you want
to be successful. If you want to be
happy. If you want to be and feel
beautiful, you have to be okay with
disappointing others, okay? You are
going to be just fine when you
disappoint people. It feels
uncomfortable at first. I'm not going to
tell you that this is easy. I'm not
going to tell you that this feels good.
No, especially in the beginning, it will
not feel good. You probably will never
feel great disappointing people, but
what you can feel great about is that
you didn't disappoint yourself. At the
end of the day, even if you disappoint
someone else, minimum you can stand to
that choice, minimum you can stand to
what you did or said or how you showed
up or how you looked at disappointed
others because it was your choice and it
was coming from you, from how and who
you are. So, if people will leave you
because you disappointed them, say thank
you. They were not meant to stay
anyways. If someone likes you based on
you being a certain type of way that
does not align with who you truly are,
let them go. Let them
Let them go far away. Let them heal. Let
them find people who are more like them,
okay? You need to stop holding onto
people who are not meant to be with you.
There are better people waiting for you.
There are people waiting for you that
truly value you for who you are, okay? I
always struggled with disappointing the
man that I'm in love with and I got to
understand every time I chose the man
over myself, I gave him the permission
to disrespect me. I gave him the sign
that I do not value myself and a man
that sees that you don't value yourself,
he will disrespect you. He will lose the
value he sees in you. And only the
moment I stopped caring about
disappointing men and I was really
unapologetic being myself, standing to
my boundaries and standards, what I like
and what I don't like, that's when all
the men came around. That's when all the
men wanted to come back and I'm pretty
sure you know that once you are over
your ex and you're unapologetic about
not caring about him anymore, he comes
with a text. That's when they start to
be obsessed. Why? Because it reflects
your value. You reflect your own value
about yourself when you honor your own
words, standards, and boundaries. And
this has so much to do with being fine
with disappointing others. You can only
hold your standards and boundaries when
you're fine with disappointing others.
And that's exactly what I keep teaching
you over and over again. You must work
on your standards, you must work on your
boundaries, and be unapologetically
standing to them. Nothing and nobody
will ever respect you if you do not even
respect yourself. And how can you
respect yourself if you keep always
pleasing others and not wanting to
disappoint anyone? You need to
disappoint them. You need to let them
know, "Hey, no, I don't want to do that.
I don't want to do over hours. I don't
want to take on your work. I don't want
to take care of your kids. I don't want
to
do that for you." That's it. Every time
you say no to something, you gain
confidence and you gain respect. [music]
Other people will start to respect you
and your time when you start to respect
you and your time.
And the paradox thing is when we start
to be okay with people leaving us, and
we start enforcing our boundaries and
our standards, expressing our authentic
selves, and our needs, and our wants,
being unapologetically
ourselves, that's when suddenly nobody
wants to leave anymore. That's when
people get obsessed over you. That's
when people really want to be around you
because you have something that is very
rare. You know how to be true to
yourself. You are unapologetically
yourself, and nothing is more rare and
more magnetic than a woman that is true
to who she is with all her cringey and
weird sides and imperfections.
She is expressing herself the way she
is, and she knows people who want to
stay with her will stay, and people who
don't, you hold the door wide open for
them and let them leave. And there is
one saying, you can be the juiciest,
freshest, most colorful peach on Earth,
yet there will be people who do not like
peaches. And this sums it up perfectly.
First, you can never be liked by
everyone. It's something impossible. And
to strive for that is like living in a
prison. And second, just because some
people do not like peaches does not make
the peach be a bad fruit. It is [music]
still the juiciest, freshest, and most
colorful peach on Earth. And that's the
way to see yourself. The way you are,
the way you look, the way you express
yourself, the way you show up is the
most amazing, juiciest, freshest, and
most colorful version of you that exists
in this whole world, okay? And you need
to get that in your mind because you're
so special, you're so unique.
And once you learn to express that
uniqueness and learn to express that
truth of you,
your world and your life is going to
start to be so colorful, juicy, and
fresh in all ways possible. You will
start to attract and be around people
who truly value you.
>> [music]
>> You will start to be confident. You will
start to live a life that feels like you
created it. It doesn't anymore feel like
a life that is chosen by others for you,
that is delegated by others. It doesn't
feel anymore like a prison, and that's
the point I want you to reach. Anyways,
guys, I hope this could help. Thank you
so much for watching, and I see you in
my next video. Bye-bye.